.\" -*- mode: troff; coding: utf-8 -*-
.TH "LIGHTNING-COMMANDO" "7" "" "Core Lightning 22.11rc1" ""
.SH NAME
lightning-commando -- Command to Send a Command to a Remote Peer
.SH SYNOPSIS
\fBcommando\fR \fIpeer_id\fR \fImethod\fR [\fIparams\fR] [\fIrune\fR]
.SH DESCRIPTION
The \fBcommando\fR RPC command is a homage to bad 80s movies.  It also
sends a directly-connected \fIpeer_id\fR a custom message, containing a
request to run \fImethod\fR (with an optional dictionary of \fIparams\fR);
generally the peer will only allow you to run a command if it has
provided you with a \fIrune\fR which allows it.
.SH RETURN VALUE
On success, the return depends on the \fImethod\fR invoked.
.PP
On failure, one of the following error codes may be returned:
.IP "\(bu" 2
-32600: Usually means peer is not connected
.if n \
.sp -1
.if t \
.sp -0.25v
.IP "\(bu" 2
19535: the local commando plugin discovered an error.
.if n \
.sp -1
.if t \
.sp -0.25v
.IP "\(bu" 2
19536: the remote commando plugin discovered an error.
.if n \
.sp -1
.if t \
.sp -0.25v
.IP "\(bu" 2
19537: the remote commando plugin said we weren't authorized.
.LP
It can also fail if the peer does not respond, in which case it will simply
hang awaiting a response.
.SH AUTHOR
Rusty Russell <\fIrusty@rustcorp.com.au\fR> wrote the original Python
commando.py plugin, the in-tree commando plugin, and this manual page.
.PP
Christian Decker came up with the name \(dqcommando\(dq, which almost
excuses his previous adoption of the name \(dqEltoo\(dq.
.SH SEE ALSO
lightning-commando-rune(7)
.SH RESOURCES
Main web site: \fIhttps://github.com/ElementsProject/lightning\fR
\" SHA256STAMP:c22cb10876005660447a178261a700940c95089f5f2297c3c28cde8d38894dbb
