.\" -*- mode: troff; coding: utf-8 -*-
.TH "LIGHTNING-LISTPAYS" "7" "" "Core Lightning 22.11rc1" ""
.SH NAME
lightning-listpays -- Command for querying payment status
.SH SYNOPSIS
\fBlistpays\fR [\fIbolt11\fR] [\fIpayment_hash\fR] [\fIstatus\fR]
.SH DESCRIPTION
The \fBlistpay\fR RPC command gets the status of all \fIpay\fR commands, or a
single one if either \fIbolt11\fR or \fIpayment_hash\fR was specified.
It is possible filter the payments also by \fIstatus\fR.
.SH RETURN VALUE
On success, an object containing \fBpays\fR is returned.  It is an array of objects, where each object contains:
.IP "\(bu" 2
\fBpayment_hash\fR (hex): the hash of the \fIpayment_preimage\fR which will prove payment (always 64 characters)
.if n \
.sp -1
.if t \
.sp -0.25v
.IP "\(bu" 2
\fBstatus\fR (string): status of the payment (one of \(dqpending\(dq, \(dqfailed\(dq, \(dqcomplete\(dq)
.if n \
.sp -1
.if t \
.sp -0.25v
.IP "\(bu" 2
\fBcreated_at\fR (u64): the UNIX timestamp showing when this payment was initiated
.if n \
.sp -1
.if t \
.sp -0.25v
.IP "\(bu" 2
\fBdestination\fR (pubkey, optional): the final destination of the payment if known
.if n \
.sp -1
.if t \
.sp -0.25v
.IP "\(bu" 2
\fBcompleted_at\fR (u64, optional): the UNIX timestamp showing when this payment was completed
.if n \
.sp -1
.if t \
.sp -0.25v
.IP "\(bu" 2
\fBlabel\fR (string, optional): the label, if given to sendpay
.if n \
.sp -1
.if t \
.sp -0.25v
.IP "\(bu" 2
\fBbolt11\fR (string, optional): the bolt11 string (if pay supplied one)
.if n \
.sp -1
.if t \
.sp -0.25v
.IP "\(bu" 2
\fBdescription\fR (string, optional): the description matching the bolt11 description hash (if pay supplied one)
.if n \
.sp -1
.if t \
.sp -0.25v
.IP "\(bu" 2
\fBbolt12\fR (string, optional): the bolt12 string (if supplied for pay: \fBexperimental-offers\fR only).
.LP
If \fBstatus\fR is \(dqcomplete\(dq:
.IP "\(bu" 2
\fBpreimage\fR (hex): proof of payment (always 64 characters)
.if n \
.sp -1
.if t \
.sp -0.25v
.IP "\(bu" 2
\fBnumber_of_parts\fR (u64, optional): the number of parts for a successful payment (only if more than one).
.LP
If \fBstatus\fR is \(dqfailed\(dq:
.IP "\(bu" 2
\fBerroronion\fR (hex, optional): the error onion returned on failure, if any.
.LP
The returned array is ordered by increasing \fBcreated_at\fR fields.
.SH AUTHOR
Rusty Russell <\fIrusty@rustcorp.com.au\fR> is mainly responsible.
.SH SEE ALSO
lightning-pay(7), lightning-paystatus(7), lightning-listsendpays(7).
.SH RESOURCES
Main web site: \fIhttps://github.com/ElementsProject/lightning\fR
\" SHA256STAMP:02e010f494d2ab2e1d7e5b522d8c50ef8ff6772480558f597f3d632817987edd
